The kindergarten in Ipswich today is the one of
the vision screening places that we're running.
Providing eye care and making
sure their eyes are all nice and healthy and
working.
And if there's anything that needs additional
attention, then we provide vision vouchers.
To be able to have those kids that have that
access to be able to have classes if they need
to. And eye tests and those sorts of things.
It's so important to be able to have
the kids have their eyesight checked early.
Because anything that may be going
astray will have a really big impact
on their lives down the track.
Especially when they start school.
And if they fall behind, it becomes very
difficult for them to catch up.
We have individual stations check the
child's eye in certain ways.
How their eyes are working together.
How they are able to see letters
or shapes at a long distance and a close
distance.
And their depth perception how they can see in 3D
and also the health of their eyes as well.
We say if there's any slight differences,
anything that needs further attention.
Then they'll have a vision voucher that allows
them to go in to get their eyes checked at a
local optometry practise.
And then if they need glasses, the on OneSight
charity provides that at no cost to them.
There's so many different impacts that it has on
their life.
So a social impact for kids and
adults alike.
If they feel that they cannot fit in.
If they feel they cannot complete a task, then
they will often isolate themselves.
And in the sense of self esteem, a
child can't say they can't study.
And if they can't study, they they feel like they
are unable to achieve.
For us to actually facilitate that.
It's amazing how you really see the impact
of people's lives being changed.
Someone who has not been able to have glasses
previously and suddenly be able to do that.
And have that feedback from the community that
they are being able to perform so much better
now.
We are more than just
working 9:00 to 5:00.
We have this ability to be able to provide
vision and and support to those around
us.
And I think that's really awesome.